And that, dear friends, I believe is the
end of the coding we're gonna do today.
So let's talk a little bit.
First and foremost,
if you wanna see the lessons,
remember that you can go and
find the lesson that we follow today is on
frontendmasters.learnwithjson.dev/interme-
diate-gatsby.
The source code for the project is at
github.com/jlengstorf/frontend-masters-in-
termediate-gatsby-project the very
succinctly named repo.
And that's gonna be on the progress
branch because the main branch is
the starting point.
So check out that progress branch if
you wanna see what we built today.
So, if you are looking for
what to do next,
if you wanna figure out next steps here,
I mean, at this point,
everything else you're gonna wanna do
is gonna be a deep dive into the docs.
If the intro to Gatsby course that we did,
that you can find it'll be under my
author profile on Frontend Masters.
If that doesn't get you where you wanna
go along with this one that we did today,
then you're starting to look
at more edge casey things.
And the docs have really good references,
all the APIs are there,
they're documented.
They're usually example repos attached
where you can see how something is used,
how you can apply different
techniques to get different outcomes.
You can also reach out to the Gatsby
team is pretty responsive.
You can send messages to me on Twitter.
You can open issues on the repo,
in general,
the repo should be for project questions.
Hit me up on Twitter if you have more
general questions cuz I won't check
the repo often enough for
it to be like a good tech support venue.
But I do love to hear from people.
And most importantly,
the way that you're gonna level up at
Gatsby is by building things in Gatsby.
The reason that I can do all of this stuff
that I can do is because I've probably
built over 100 Gatsby sites.
And a lot of them are teeny tiny,
goofy little things that were just toys
that I wanted to see if I could try.
What if I did this thing with themes or
what happened if I set up client side
routing or hey, how do I make off work
that little proof of concept we
did today of protected routes.
All of those little projects building them
and shipping them strengthens that muscle.
It's gonna make you better as
a developer to get those reps and
do the thing over and over again and try
it a little bit different every time and
that's gonna make you
a really excellent developer.
More so than watching every tutorial in
the world, you gotta get out there and
you gotta actually build, right?
So please get out there, go try something,
build something, send me a message and
show me what you built I'd love to see it.
So, fun things, silly things,
serious things, work things,
I'd love to see them all.
So hit me up on Twitter and
send me a message show me what you built,
and I hope you have a whole
lot of fun with Gatsby.
>> Is there a limit to the amount of
processing like a serverless function
cannot do.
>> Yeah, every serverless function is
gonna have memory limits and time limits.
You can work around those
with different processes.
So for example,
if you wanna run a serverless function for
longer than I think 20 seconds
is the usual limit then there's
a pattern called background function.
Which on Netlify is you just add a dot
background to the function name and
it'll let it run for more than 20 seconds.
Memory varies,
I think AWS Lambda which backs a lot of
the services out there
has a six megabyte limit.
So if you're trying to do huge images or
other types of processing,
you may need to look at
a different solution there.
So those are the two real big limits.
Yeah, I think there's the memory limit,
there's the time limit and
I think that's everything.
>> How about build time,
generally speaking,
how are they affecting build time?
>> Serverless functions
don't affect build time,
you're deploying those as like on demand,
so they run on demand.
So there's a little bit of a bundling
cost but the bundling cost is negligible,
it's a few seconds and
it doesn't really scale too linearly.
And I think that if everybody's not
already using it here in pretty
short order, IES build is gonna
be the de facto standard for
bundling serverless functions.
And we saw on Netlify that, if you're
bundling several dozen functions,
IES build is doing it in
hundreds of milliseconds.
So it's unbelievably fast, and, yeah,
I would say that I would not factor
build time in at all with
the use of serverless functions.